WORK IN PROGRESS!

CODING for pitot flange version 0.9 -=15-05-2014=- JLJ
Coding of standard flanges is based on features. When a new feature is added a new code is added to this file. Reference file  "basic.stl" can be found in "toprintmodels" repository folder.
To view .stl you can use Meshlab that is freely available. Example of a whole flange coding at the end of this file. The code is additive, if a feature is not present a number of 0 equal to standard code feature length should be added.
Features and codes
-Family name
Length: two digits
01 Pitot fixed with a rectangular flange as per “basic.stl"
-Fixation holes number
Length: two digits
02 Two holes
04 Four holes
-Probe diameter 
Length: two digits, expressed in mm
For instance if the probe nominal diameter is 8mm then we have "08"
-Footprint type
Define the bolt pattern shape
Length: one digit
R for rectangular 
C for circle
-Footprint dimensions
Length: six digits
For a rectangular bolt pattern is the length of the longer side followed by the other side length in mm.
For example is the rectangular bolt pattern is a 35x29 mm rectangle then we write "3529" 
-Type of pressure ports
Length: Eight digits
First and second digit, static port type from the below table
Fourth and fifth digit, parameter that describe the port features, read here below
Sixth digit, total pressure port type from the below table
Seventh and eighth, parameter that describe the port features, read here below
Pressure ports type table
01 Barbed
 Specification digits are the rounded diameter of coupling in mm. If the measure is 3.6 it is possible to write 36
02 Snap in, quick fitting
Specification digits are the rounded diameter of coupling in mm. If the measure is 3.6 it is possible to write 36
-Position of pressure ports
Length: two digits
Looking from the flange side to the pitot tip.
L =left side
R=Right side
T=Top side
B=Bottom side
F=Fore side
A=Aft side
First digit, static port position
Second digit, total pressure port position
-Position of fixation tabs
Length: two digits
Looking from the flange side to the pitot tip.

First digit table
L =left side
R=Right side
T=Top side
B=Bottom side
F=Fore side
A=Aft side
Second digit table
A=Non Symmetrical fixing
S=Symmetrical fixing


The basic flange for 8mm Pitot tube is then coded
"010408R352901360136TTRS" This code will represent the 3D model file name.
